come Tommy join me grandfather what is
this where am I
Talyn will guide you Talyn it can't be
Saluki I saw you died
where where am i this is the land of
your father's coming the land of the
Ancients the land of them all that
Cherokee crap it's a bunch of
superstitious bullshit I don't believe
this your beliefs will soon change how
did I get here your spirit died tell him
about you here Talyn
my pet hawk he's been dead since I was a
boy all your life you have rejected the
ways of your ancestors now you must
embrace your heritage if you are to
survive I don't have time for this
Jen's in trouble I've got to find her
you must learn the old medicine Tommy it
is the only way let me show you
beyond the store is a test
what the hell is this let me out of here
I've got to get back to Jenn you must
believe in the old ways if you are to
succeed you must step outside your
earthbound shell Tomas
let your spirit carry you where your
body cannot pass through the fire
hood may now return to your body you
have learned well no mortal obstacle and
stand in the path of your spirit you
become like chameleon who moves unseen
invisible okay of passed your little
test send me back
first you must master the bow
you must learn to fight not a problem
the army taught me to kill remember you
fought in white man's wars with white
man's weapons now it is time to fight
with your own go to the spirit
this bow is the weapon of your spirit
warm but your bow must be replenished
blame the spirits of your fallen enemies
there is still much to learn the power
of the Dark One's
grows ever strong I don't have time for
this
Jen needs me as you wish Talan will
guide you he will become your eyes and
ears heed his warnings well